hello this is JB and I am an employee
here at Austin homebrew supply and
beautiful Austin Texas
and today we are discussing wine
equipment now right now I want to talk a
little bit about your choice of bottles
once your wine is complete and done
fermenting ready to go into bottles now
you have to choose what kind of bottle
am I going to use am I going to use a
half size am I going to use a full size
your choices of bottles vary quite a bit
the three basic decisions that you have
to make are this do I want a three
hundred and seventy-five milliliter
bottle do I want a 750 milliliter
traditional sized wine bottle or do I
want to double size one and a half liter
wine bottle this is a half size this is
a standard size and this is a double
size really to me it all comes down to
how much do I want to serve at any one
sitting if I have a really special wine
say a port-wine say one of our raspberry
chocolate port wines for instance more
than likely I'm going to put it into a
small bottle because it's such intense
rich wine you really unless you have
four or five people honestly he probably
wouldn't go through a whole 750
milliliter bottle which is standard size
so small ones for rich intent special
wines middle sized bottles for most your
standard wines and maybe a bigger bottle
for a table wine your gonna have it a
party or a family get-together or
something like that so with that being
said there's a few different choices on
your selection of you know what kind of
vessel am I going to put my finished
wine into